CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## New Issues, Bugs, Questions, etc

Before creating any new Issues, please be sure to search through the existing Widget Counter Issues at [https://github.com/KeithETruesdell/widget-counter/issues]https://github.com/KeithETruesdell/widget-counter/issues  

Please note there is a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Pull Request Process

1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a 
   build.
2. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment 
   variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
3. Increase the version numbers in any examples files and the README.md to the new version that this
   Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).
4. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you 
   do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

## Code of Conduct

### Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, gender, disability, ethnicity, experience, nationality, race, or religion.

### Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Be welcoming and helpful to everyone in the community and anyone whom the community supports
* Being respectful of viewpoints and experiences
* Politey accepting of constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community and project

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances
* Personal and private discussions in this public and community setting
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address regardless of permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

## Issues

The community uses GitHub issues to track public bugs. Please ensure your description is
clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

## License

By contributing to widget-counter, you agree that your contributions will be licensed
under the LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.

## Help Improve Widget Counter By Changing Source Code

See https://github.com/KeithETruesdell/widget-counter/ for current documentation, support, tickets and requests.

Commit message:

update the license for new links and updated the contributing to reflect more of a pull request process

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## New Issues, Bugs, Questions, etc

Before creating any new Issues, please be sure to search through the existing Widget Counter Issues at [https://github.com/KeithETruesdell/widget-counter/issues]https://github.com/KeithETruesdell/widget-counter/issues  

Please note there is a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Pull Request Process

1. Fork, then clone the repo:
	`git clone ...`
	NOTE: It is recommended to setup your own branch and commit and merge there initially, using the Master branch for testing before submitting the Pull request.
	If you are part of the main development team, please use the appropriate branch for the changes, or create a new branch off of the Dev Branch.  Only hotfixes should be branched from the master branch.
2. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.
3. Update the code making appropriate changes relevant to the issue.  Please keep the Repository clean and clear.
 	Maintain extraneous files.  System, OS and IDE generated files should **not** be tracked and committed and should be added to the `.gitignore` if needed.  This could be maintained locally.
	Do not remove any information from the `.gitignore` without approval.
4. Update the `CHANGELOG.md` with the version, date, released status, user and simple notes on what has changed.  For consistency and ease of reading, please keep the same format.  
	Also, update the `README.md` with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
	If needed, make sure to update the `TODO.md` or any feature list or task list with the correct actions.  
	Ensure that the created ticket that reflects the updates has been marked to either a "review" status or a "closed" status depending on if the changes have been approved and merged.
5. Increase the version numbers in any examples files and the `README.md` to the new version that this Pull Request would represent. 
	The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/) ([http://semver.org/](http://semver.org/)).
6. Commit the changes, writing good and clear commit messages.
7. Push to your fork.
8. Create a [pull request](https://github.com/). 
9. You may merge the Pull Request once you have the sign-off of the other developers, or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request a senior developer to merge it for you.
	If you are part of the main development team, and this is a branch, merge the branch into the DEV branch and submit a pull request.  You may merge it yourself after recieving documented approval.

NOTE:  At this time, your pull request is waiting on us to approve the changes.  It may take a few days, please be patient, though we strive to get to all requests within 3-5 days.

## Code of Conduct

### Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, gender, disability, ethnicity, experience, nationality, race, or religion.

### Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Be welcoming and helpful to everyone in the community and anyone whom the community supports
* Being respectful of viewpoints and experiences
* Politey accepting of constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community and project

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances
* Personal and private discussions in this public and community setting
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address regardless of permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

## Issues

The community uses Git / GitHub issues to track public bugs. Please ensure your description is clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree and adhere to the code of conduct, the goal of the project and license agreement.

## Help Improve Widget Counter By Changing Source Code

See https://github.com/KeithETruesdell/widget-counter/ for current documentation, support, tickets and requests.
